[PL-40854] Update secrets management doc scope info (#3116)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/Secrets/Secrets-Management/6-add-an-aws-secret-manager.md

If the administrator of the account to which the role belongs provided you with an external ID, then enter that value.

> For more information, go to [How to Use an External ID When Granting Access to Your AWS Resources to a Third Party](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html) from AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, go to [How to Use an External ID When Granting Access to Your AWS Resources to a Third Party](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html) in the AWS documentation.
```
